welcome fellow gamers Freddie the boughs
here today's mundane it's time for the
top ten emblems of the week
this is the 11th week unfortunately for
all non Premium Members Only one emblem
is not premium and to tell you the truth
it's not that good but it's actually
passing EA so that's a really nice point
tomorrow's episode is gonna be the pkp
pecheneg versus the m240b it's gonna be
an amazing fight because those two LM
G's are the strongest and most high
damage
LM G's in the game so stay tuned for
that tomorrow afternoon I don't know the
time in the US or the UK but you will
figure it out I'm sure you're pretty
smart guys so without further ado let's
get down to business we're going to
start off this episode with number 10
we're starting off with a B emblem
that's probably from a football team or
something like that I couldn't find it
on Google love continue another meme
emblem this is a fat cut amply really
nice of course is I'm wondering why
people on Buffalo are not satisfied with
the a of course in s always there's
always an S there
a really nice well made emblem from the
protagonist of one piece the anni man
Stewie Griffin a Scarface that's
actually pretty cool
I wouldn't have changed if I wasn't a
part of the sport or Brotherhood
uh number four we got an animal girl of
course and don't know why people like
make all those animal emblems MLG Pro
sniper league this is gonna be love from
sniper and Rican guys all number two we
got the SAS emblem the United Kingdom's
Special Forces I guess and at the very
first part we got the stick of truth
this is Carmen from the game family got
what's so that was about it for today
guys I hope you enjoyed this video would
you change your emblem for any of those
emblems you just saw so as always guys
stay Baus amount remember to leave a
like